DOCSUP-11658: Edit and translate to Russian (merge_selecting_sleep_ms) (#26527)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/operations/settings/settings.md

## merge_selecting_sleep_ms {#merge_selecting_sleep_ms}

> Sleep time for merge selecting when no part selected. A lower setting triggers selecting tasks in `background_schedule_pool` frequently, which results in large amount of requests to Zookeeper in large-scale clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sleep time for merge selecting when no part is selected. A lower setting triggers selecting tasks in `background_schedule_pool` frequently, which results in a large number of requests to Zookeeper in large-scale clusters.
```
"amount" can be used only with uncountable nouns.

> Sleep time for merge selecting when no part selected, a lower setting will trigger selecting tasks in `background_schedule_pool` frequently which result in large amount of requests to zookeeper in large-scale clusters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sleep time for merge selecting when no part selected. A lower setting triggers selecting tasks in `background_schedule_pool` frequently, which results in large amount of requests to Zookeeper in large-scale clusters.
```
